=head1 Apache::GitFileServer

mod_perl2 module to serve files from git repositories.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

This module allows to serve file directly from git repositories to browsers. Its main purpose is
to easily publish files using git.

=head2 Features

=over

=item * Reply only to GET and HEAD requests; deny other methods with a 405 (Bad Method) response.

=item * Set Content-Length.

=item * Set Content-Type based on file extension, using File::MimeInfo.

=item * Allow caching by setting ETag in response and properly handling If-None-Match header in requests.

=item * Do not allow exploring: do not list repositories, references nor tree content.

=back

=head1 INSTALLATION

Apache::GitFileServer

(c) 2013 Adirelle <adirelle@gmail.com>

This module obviously needs Apache2, mod_perl2 and git binaries. It also uses System::Sub and File::MimeInfo.

On Debian Wheezy, you should be able to install them with these commands:

	aptitude install libapache2-mod-perl2 git libfile-mimeinfo-perl cpan
	cpan install System::Sub

Install this module in one of mod_perl2 @INC directories.

=head1 CONFIGURATION

Here is a sample configuration with all the configuration parameters.

	# Load the module
	PerlLoadModule Apache::GitFileServer
	
	# Serve file from repositories
	<Location /pages>
		SetHandler modperl
		PerlResponseHandler Apache::GitFileServer
		
		# Where does the bare repositories live ?
		GitRepositoryRoot      /var/lib/git
		
		# Suffixes repository name with "-pages", e.g. /pages/myrepo => /var/lib/git/myrepo-pages
		# Default: -pages
		# GitRepositoryDirSuffix -pages
		
		# Redirect /pages/myrepo to /pages/myrepo/master
		# Default: master
		# GitDefaultBranch       master
		
		# Redirect /pages/myrepo/anyref to /pages/myrepo/anyref/index.html
		# GitDefaultIndex       index.html
		# GitDefaultIndex        index.html
	</Location>

=head1 CAVEATS

Even though this module should not consume much ressources, it has not been optimized for performance.
It executes "git cat-file" at least once per request and executes a second time to actually serve the file content.

=head1 LICENSE

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

=cut
